hello i'm here with sarah the senior
producer on Mirror's Edge catalyst which
is super exciting so what have you got
to show off this new at Gamescom games
come we are showing one of the early
missions of the game which is all about
an infiltration mission where faith impa
traits is building something goes wrong
and she ends up stealing some very very
important data and has to intensively
escape the building so this game is all
about two faiths origin story so what
can you tell us about that we wanted to
make sure that we had a really good
character development of faith so that
people understand more of who she is and
what she stands for and in this game she
will actually go from being a young and
carefree down a runner to becoming a
heroine that actually acts as a catalyst
for a change in the city of glass and we
will also see some you know glimpses of
what happened to her in the past when
has shaved her into becoming the
character that she is today she would
actually get to know a little bit what
happened to her and her family in the
past something doesn't feel right
and because faith is learning how to do
parkour and develop into the person she
becomes in the original game I'm
guessing you're going to be learning the
ropes along with her mr. Kent it's kind
of not really her orange story in the
sense that she is how she can becomes a
runner she already knows quite loss was
quite good but she doesn't know
everything so we do you know a get
introduced to a lot of the movements but
it's also more about her origin in
becoming this heroic character stands up
for something and takes a stand do you
have any new movements and features in
this game we have lots of new features
the logs new movement I would say that
the main focus has been to make sure
that the movement is is smoother more
more fluid it has more freedom in it and
it's more responsive and with more
freedom it's like an example of that is
that one in the first game you could
only springport from certain objects and
now you can springboard from any object
of a certain height and you can also use
many different types of moves to get
into another type of move that you
couldn't before and then we also have
the combat which is completely revamped
and now it's integrated into the
fluidity of the movement so you combine
your environment your momentum and your
moves with specific attacks to take down
enemies so the combat as you said is
revamped and there's no guns fake on use
guns this time around what made you make
that decision well we think that there
were a few things about the first game
that we really really liked and then
they were a few games that didn't work
as well and the gun plate was one of the
things we didn't really think worked as
well so you know there are many options
is one make it work well but we felt
like there is a space here where we can
do something that's a lot more different
so we actually started to create a
prototype what would happen if we just
worked with faith hand with a more
martial arts inspired type of combat and
we pretty quickly found that that works
really well with the movement so we
started to design in the system where
it's all about hands getting close up to
the enemy and taking them out with your
hands and feet so the game is now much
more open world than it used to be it
was very linear before and now you can
go anywhere in the city so can you tell
us a bit about that yeah so we really
want to stay away from creating a bunch
of linear levels that you know start and
you play and we put all our focus on
creating this video class and you start
with a smaller portion of it and as you
play through the game and the main store
you're going to open
more and more of it and be able to free
roman do whatever you want between the
missions towards the end you have all of
the city like in your playground and
faith will go were ever snatcher for
runners to go and she will see both the
high skyscrapers and then also the dark
tunnels below the city and you know
there will be a lot more different
environments for you than just two
rooftops now faith is one of very few
sort of strong female characters in
video games so what's that like
developing someone like that first of
all I just think she's really really
cool hero you know independent of her
sex and then you know that she's a woman
and there's not so many of them that's
bonus I think that's just really cool in
kick-ass and what's so cool about her is
I think that she's not using you know
gums or superpowers it's really about
her and her characters and her body in
her physical cell okay well thank you
for telling us a bit about the game
their worries guys make sure to LIKE and
subscribe and let me know in the
comments what you're most excited about
for Mirror's Edge catalyst see you next
time bye